[Music]
Hulk spider-man Iron Man Catwoman
captain nice look that one up
who doesn't know these superheroes but
have you heard that the animal world has
superheroes of its own there are
creatures that live forever and those
who ignore the laws of gravity critters
that are immune to venom and those that
can run on water
but wait this is just the beginning
number one no water needed it's common
knowledge that you can't survive without
water for longer than three days but
kangaroo rats can keep going way longer
as in years they live in extremely arid
desert areas and have to get water from
the seeds and plants they eat and
although it may sound a bit unsettling
kangaroo rats also know how to extract
water from their urine before they set
off on a bathroom trip this way they
don't waste a single drop of precious
moisture number two running on water
cloned bass Kolas lizards have an
uncanny ability to run on water first of
all their hind feet are equipped with
long toes which have fringes of skin
that can spread out in water as a result
a bigger surface of the lizard's foot
comes into contact with the water then
when it runs on water it pumps its legs
incredibly fast this creates little
pockets of air that prevent the animal
from drowning by keeping it on the
surface number three
spitting fire well I can do that too
with super spicy food anyway
the Cardinal fish has been called
firework spitting for a reason the thing
is when this little critter guzzles too
many ostracods
which are a type of zooplankton the tiny
creatures start to glow inside the
fish's body due to their bioluminescence
as a result the Cardinal fish becomes
more visible and this can expose it to
predators that's why the fish spits the
ostracods out which either looks as if
it's breathing out bursts of bluish fire
or it's barfing blazes you pick number
four each
no life have you ever dreamed of
immortality
well one animal has already figured it
out there is a particular jellyfish
species spread throughout the world's
oceans which can live forever
when the creature reaches the end of its
life it transforms back into its polyp
state and thus restarts its life cycle
over and over again number five
Spider Man of the animal world the
animal world has its own analogy of
Spider Man and that's the gecko lizard
this critter has a marvelous ability to
climb up all kinds of vertical surfaces
and can even go for a walk on the
ceiling this gravity defying feed is
possible thanks to the lizards unique
foot pads covered with tiny hairs they
can cling to almost any kind of surface
no matter whether it's smooth hard rough
or soft they might even try to sell you
car insurance number six night vision
tarsiers are tiny primates that live in
Southeast Asia excluding the tail the
average height of this animal is only 4
inches but at the same time its eyes are
about a half an inch wide as you might
guess this means that the eyes take up
almost the whole head it makes tarsiers
the animals with the most impressive
Ida body size ratio among other living
things but that's not all these huge
eyes are so efficient that tarsiers can
see in the dark as clearly as during the
day on the other hand to look around
these primates have to turn their heads
for nearly 180 degrees yeah it can't be
terribly convenient right number 7 sonic
boom a 1 inch long subtropical shrimp
disorients its prey with a sonic boom
despite its modest size the pistol
shrimp is one of the loudest marine
animals when the shrimp snaps its claws
it creates a noise as loud as a sonic
boom naturally this sound stuns the prey
and the shrimp can catch it without too
much effort
number eight immunity to venom opossums
are known for their handy trick of
playing dead when a predator attacks
them but that's not the end of the story
these critters are also immune to snake
venom the secret is a peptide that helps
opossums neutralize dangerous chemicals
this is the reason why snakes are a
favorite treat on opossums diet number
nine natural sunscreen hippos know how
to save a fortune on sun protection
living under the harsh African Sun these
animals secrete a sweat like red oily
substance which evaporates and keeps the
animals bodies cool besides the fluid
works as a moisturizer sunscreen and
antibiotic all in one number 10 built-in
sunglasses meerkats have dark patches
around their eyes which makes them look
even cuter but these black circles
aren't there just to make the critters
are more adorable they also function as
built-in sunglasses the dark fur on the
patches blocks the blazing sign and as a
result
meerkats can glaze directly at the sky
on top of that the century a meerkat
that watches out for birds and other
predators can easily see danger coming
and alert its mates number 11 a
professional mimic if you've been
struggling with learning a new language
you might feel pretty envious of the
Lyrebird in their attempts to attract a
mate Lyrebird males can mimic the sounds
of 20 other bird species as well as some
artificial sounds such as chainsaws car
engines and alarms fire alarms barking
dogs and even taylor swift no I made up
that last one interestingly female liar
birds can also mimic different sounds
but during courtship they prefer to stay
silent
number 12 just say no to gravity wild
goats are famous for their climbing
skills but the Alpine ibex from northern
Italy is the champion this critter can
climb nearly any vertical surface
defying several physical laws in the
process interestingly the
animals that do walk on the steepest
cliff walls are typically mother goats
with their little ones large males
prefer to keep their distance and use
flat horizontal surfaces smartguides
number 13 under water Wolverine the
axolotl also known as the Mexican
walking fish is an underwater salamander
that has truly impressive regenerative
abilities not only can they regrow their
limbs but they can also regenerate
complex organs like the brain or the
heart oh and the following fact may
sound a bit creepy so brace yourself
axolotls are also known to absorb other
axolotls dismembered parts yes that is
creepy
number 14 built-in GPS salmon are
skilled navigators who could put most
drivers to shame
however this competition wouldn't be
fair after all salmon can sense the
magnetic field of the planet and use
this knowledge if they get lost no
compass or Northstar needed thank you
number 15 boiling hot protection when
the bombardier beetle feels threatened
it spray scorching liquid from the tip
of its abdomen with a loud popping sound
as soon as the beetle senses danger a
chemical reaction starts in special
reservoirs in its abdomen the heat from
this process nearly reaches the boiling
point and also produces a special gas
that triggers the ejection this super
protection is usually fatal for the
attacking insects I guess so number 16
jumping superbugs fleas can be really
annoying but it doesn't make them any
less amazing these tiny critters can
leap more than 200 times their body
length if people could do the same we
would be jumping almost a quarter of a
mile into the air well let's try it
the most curious thing about the fleas
astonishing ability is that they take
most of the power for leaps from their
toes not needs number 17 chemical weapon
some animals protect themselves with
venom or nasty bites while others use
chemical weapons listen to this some
species of millipedes produce hydrogen
cyanide and exude it when they feel
threatened
one little millipede can't seriously
hurt you but you may have burns or even
blisters if your skin is overly
sensitive plus to make the picture even
scarier aha some millipedes glow in the
dark so watch out and if you see a
crawling spot of light at night run away
as fast as you can so which animal has
the most supernatural abilities in your
opinion write about it in the comment
section below
remember to give this video a like share
it with your friends and hit the
subscribe button to move to the bright
side of life